Add `Window.mouse_rect` (#2564)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/sdl2_video.rst

      | :sl:`Get the unique window ID (**read-only**)`
      | :sg:`id -> int`
   
   .. attribute:: mouse_rect

      | :sl:`Get or set the mouse confinement rectangle of the window`
      | :sg:`mouse_rect -> Rect|None`

      Setting this attribute to a :class:`pygame.Rect` to confine the

>       cursor to the specified area of this window.

Reviewer: Maybe change to: "Setting this attribute to a :class:`pygame.Rect` confines the cursor to the specified area of this window." (just changing a verb)
Also this supports any rect-like object, should that be mentioned?

Author: ```suggestion
      Setting this attribute to a rect-like object confines the
      cursor to the specified area of this window.
```

>       This attribute can be None, representing there is no mouse rect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This attribute can be None, meaning that there is no mouse rect.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a small suggestion to make this sentence have clearer english.
